docs: split README into one for each action (#46)
canonical/craft-actions: README.md

[![Tests](https://github.com/canonical/craft-actions/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/canonical/craft-actions/actions/workflows/test.yml)

# Craft Actions

> This monorepo contains multiple custom GitHub actions for the Craft tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This monorepo contains custom GitHub actions for setting up and packing artifacts with the Craft tools.
```

Reviewer: I think the plurality of 'actions' is enough to convey that, but I may be missing some context.

## Contents

### [Snapcraft](https://snapcraft.io/)

- [Package a snap](snapcraft/pack/README.md)

> - [Set up Snapcraft](snapcraft/setup/README.md)

Reviewer: @medubelko Any ideas on how we could clarify that the 'setup' actions aren't prerequisites for the 'pack' actions?

Reviewer 2: See my other comments.
